# Documentation of MEC.conf activities
This is a documentation of how the event is to be planned and what steps are to be followed

### Building a Team
Make sure the team has an equitable representation from all the organisation under the Developer Community. The Model Engineering College Developer Community consists of the following positions:
- Mentor: A position held by a student who is about to graduate or has graduated having held a prominent role in the community, can be held by an active staff member as well. The role of the mentor is to provide guidance on how to make the event a success on the basis of how to plan and take quick decisions.
- Event Coordinators: The main organisationsw within the developer community get to be represented by their chairs or a single representative who is of a prominent position within the community.
- Community Lead and Committee Supervisor: positions held by prominent members of the community who need not be representing any of the constituent organisations but need to have strong views on how the conference needs to function. Community lead takes consensus of the community members and Committee Supervisor provides the coordination of whole committee.
- Speaker Team: consists of members who have contacts within the technical circles and those who are able to provide speaker support as well as setup a CFP. **NOTE** A special group of speaker team members will work in relation to the running of workshop and devsprints.
- Finance Team: consists of members who are financially knowledgable and have the ability to control flow of funds in accordance to decisions taken by the core committee.
- Promotion Team: consists of members who are dedicated to the task of promoting the conference on different platforms and through various menthods. **NOTE** A special group of finance + promotions looks after the Sponsorship and marketing work. Also consist of other special groups given the task of maintaining the Website, Designing posters and Writing content.
- Hospitality & Event Management: consists of Ambiance group who works on the conference days maintaining and making decorative arrangements, the Registration group which looks after the running of the events registered attendees welfare and other matters, Refreshment group looks after the food and refreshment matters of the attendees, Sensitivity group helps run the event under strict CoC and maintains the accepting and open environment of the conference for different types of people attending the conference.
